watch out watch out oh
that was your new tv the next time you
open a box with a heavy large object
inside
don't try to pull it out put the box on
its side
open the bottom and then place the
object on a solid surface
now all you need to do is pull the box
upward
want to have the feeling of an
approaching holiday all year round
then write down random birth dates when
you fill in forms for club cards of
different stores
can you imagine that warm feeling when
they congratulate you
and offer a discount in march three
months before your birthday
plus i just don't have enough time and
money
to use all the goodies on my actual
birthday
while shopping online put any goods you
need
in your shopping basket and leave them
there for a couple of days
there's a high chance the website will
notice your interest
it might eventually lower the price to
encourage you to spend your hard-earned
money
what can be more embarrassing than
tearing one of your flip-flops and
trying to get home in the one that's
still functional
no no don't answer you can save your
dignity by using
a piece of cardboard at least it'll get
you home
when you buy an egg carton don't waste
your time checking each egg
just tilt the box a little bit the eggs
that are cracked
won't move because they'll be stuck to
the carton
you've spent hours of hard risky work
only to find out there are several dirty
streaks on your newly washed windows
are they inside or outside you wouldn't
be racking your brain now
if you had washed the inner and outer
sides of the window in two different
ways
vertically and horizontally guess what
my fingers hate and fear the most
right the moment when i suddenly realize
one of the walls lacks
one more nail luckily i go easy on my
fingers now
by using a clothespin to hold the nail
the time may come when you'll need to
open a sim card tray
and for some mysterious reason there
won't be an ejector tool in your pocket
on particularly emotional days it can
make me so
furious i consider using a hammer what
saves my phone
every single time is a good old paper
clip
just bend it in the right way and your
sim card will be lying on your palm
in no time you get back home from a trip
open your suitcase and this
unforgettable smell of your dirty
clothes
not to hold your nose while unpacking
keep a bar of scented soap
in the same compartment as your dirty
laundry
when you buy frozen food veggies berries
fish
put them in your basket first keep
walking along the grocery store aisles
until all this stuff defrosts then just
drain the water
this way you'll avoid paying for ice
is it under the table the fridge hiding
among dust bunnies under my bed
no why now when i urgently need that
screw
with an old stocking wrapped around the
edge of my vacuum cleaner
i press the power button and start the
search you can use this method to
retrieve
any small object you've lost and there
will be no need to sort through
everything your vacuum is swallowed
afterward
there's something living in your mouth
i'll relax it's just bacteria 700
different species
around 6 billion in total when you don't
brush and floss
they crowd tiny bits of food left in
your mouth and between the teeth
and then they release sulfur compounds
which smell like rotten eggs
that's what makes your breath stink but
when i'm in too much of a hurry to
remember to brush my teeth
or my toothpaste runs out all of a
sudden i chew on an apple
it helps with bad breath if you cut a
small hole in the top corner of a juice
carton
it won't explode all over your table
keep in mind
that two equals one and one is zero
they probably taught you differently at
school but see for yourself
if you have just one bottle of shampoo
it's the same
as having none at all it always finishes
when you least expect it
be like a hamster store extra toiletries
you can prevent glass bottles from
rolling all over the place in your
fridge
just attach a binder clip to the grill
shelf and the bottles will stay in place
don't try to repeat this trick if you
have glass shelves
i like to think that one day a burglar
will come to my house
after gathering the gold and diamonds i
keep in stockings all over the place
they'll notice a pringles tube how lucky
i am today
they'll think and open the pack ready
for a treat
to their disappointment they'll find no
crispy goodness inside
i use the container for storing
spaghetti
oh what's that revolting smell ah
the guy sitting next to you on the plane
decided he'd be better off without his
shoes on
he doesn't know that several dry tea
bags placed inside
each shoe when you don't wear them can
absorb the stench
and one more tip for those who make
people faint in public transport when
they return home after visiting the gym
if deodorant has been left at home and
the gym shower is apparently broken
take advantage of citrus fruits cut a
fresh orange or lemon in two
and rub some juice into your skin you
might not have as much personal space on
a crowded bus anymore though
how about this challenge you have an
empty bucket to fill with water
and a tiny sink me i usually squeeze the
bucket under the tap
and successfully flood my entire
bathroom
a much better way is to position a
dustpan in the sink
so that the water flows from its handle
into the bucket
whenever you feel inspired to cook get a
pants hanger
unfortunately it won't help you with
making perfect spaghetti bolognese
but you'll be able to hook a recipe book
and follow the instructions
if you don't have money to buy expensive
loudspeakers just get creative
two halves of a plastic cup on the
keyboard will boost the sound of your
laptop
now you might be worried about leaving
your valuables at the beach while having
a swim in the sea
no it's not about trust issues just be
smart and cunning
like a fox clean out an old lotion
bottle
and squeeze inside your money keys and
phone
you can spend hours trying to scrub off
the rice that's boiled over on your
cooking range
or you can put a wooden spoon over the
top of the saucepan
if the liquid inside starts to boil up
too high the spoon
will pop the bubbles my life became much
easier the day i realized i could put my
laundry basket right in the bedroom
after that my clothes always got where
they were supposed to go
right away there were no socks covering
the floor
and i didn't have to search the house
for dirty clothes when it was laundry
time
don't throw that plastic bottle away
better cut off its neck
and use it together with the calf to
close open bags
i can waste tons of time and millions of
my nerve cells choosing the right key to
the door
they all look the same on the key ring
imagine that
but you can be smarter and use nail
polish to identify different keys
my poor chargers used to look as if my
dog regularly chewed on them
even though the pooch was innocent but
that was before i started to use
springs from old pens to keep my
chargers from bending
and breaking sticky fingers sticky hands
a large sticky spot on my t-shirt that's
me eating a popsicle or rather it used
to be me
now i just use a cupcake liner works
like magic
if your shirt needs ironing but there's
no iron at hand
a pan with hot water can save the day
hey hey put my phone back who let you
touch it
to avoid other people getting into your
phone you can carry it with you wherever
you go
or you can put it in an empty plastic
cake box
if someone wants to grab it it won't go
unnoticed
when using a laser toy to play with your
cat put a treat on the floor when the
animal isn't looking
after some laser play direct the dot to
the treat
and let your pet catch it this way the
cat will have a sense of getting its own
food